README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
- 📜 Data Science master, Computer science degree and Higher Technical Certificate system administrator.
- 🔭 I’m working as AI/CV Researcher and development lead at DTBird&DTBat and as a freelance developer.
- 🌱 I’m learning Rust and complex problem solving (Master degree, UNIR)
- 👯 I’m not looking to collaborate on any project for now. But always open to listen and join new adventures. 
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ... in fact any contribution is welcomed.
- 💬 Ask me about skate and computer science. My favorite topics are Computer vision, machine learning and software architecture.
- 📫 How to reach me: as mandrewcito in social media twitter, dev.to, git ... 
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm going gray :(

### OSS libs:

* [signalrcore](https://github.com/mandrewcito/signalrcore): Aspnet core signalr python client.
* [json repository](https://github.com/mandrewcito/json_repository): Typed data persistence to JSON file.
* [event channel](https://github.com/mandrewcito/event_channel): Pubsub tiny implementation.

### Websites:

* [Dev.to](https://dev.to/mandrewcito/)
* [Devutils](https://devutils.mandrewcito.dev/)
* [Status - websites](https://status.mandrewcito.dev/)
* [Links shortener](https://shortener.mandrewcito.dev/)

### Utilities

* [Docker databases](https://github.com/mandrewcito/DockerDatabses)

### Here, people usually put all libraries/frameworks that upon time ago wrote a single line of code

My work experience is focused on ASPNET (4.X to core versions) and python. Of course, i have the same experience on javascript (GOD no JQuery, ECMAScript has a lot of things now!). But as a good Computer science ingenieer i am tremendly bad chosing colors and designing beautifull things. If i have to do a frontend without a mock from  scratch it will be a funcitonal fronted but a bit tasteless :P

Commit message:

Update README with new skills and learning focus

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
- 📜 Complex Problem Solving master, Data Science master, Computer science degree and Higher Technical Certificate system administrator.
- 🔭 I’m working as AI/CV Researcher and development lead at DTBird&DTBat and as a freelance developer.
- 🌱 I’m learning things related with linux kernel development (for fun and hopefully some day ... contribute)
- 👯 I’m not looking to collaborate on any project for now. But always open to listen and join new adventures.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ... in fact any contribution is welcomed.
- 💬 Ask me about skate and computer science. My favorite topics are Computer vision, machine learning and software architecture.
- 📫 How to reach me: as mandrewcito in social media twitter, dev.to, git ... 
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm going gray :(

### OSS libs:

* [signalrcore](https://github.com/mandrewcito/signalrcore): Aspnet core signalr python client.
* [json repository](https://github.com/mandrewcito/json_repository): Typed data persistence to JSON file.
* [event channel](https://github.com/mandrewcito/event_channel): Pubsub tiny implementation.

### Websites:

* [Dev.to](https://dev.to/mandrewcito/)
* [Devutils](https://devutils.mandrewcito.dev/)
* [Status - websites](https://status.mandrewcito.dev/)
* [Links shortener](https://shortener.mandrewcito.dev/)

### Utilities

* [Docker databases](https://github.com/mandrewcito/DockerDatabses)

### Here, people usually put all libraries/frameworks that upon time ago wrote a single line of code

My work experience is focused on ASPNET (4.X to core versions) and python. Of course, i have the same experience on javascript (GOD no JQuery, ECMAScript has a lot of things now!). But as a good Computer science ingenieer i am tremendly bad chosing colors and designing beautifull things. If i have to do a frontend without a mock from  scratch it will be a funcitonal fronted but a bit tasteless :P
